Answer it, why don't you answer the phone?
Hit hard
Young people are too unreliable
You're about to die, and you're still playing the missing master.
Why don't we take the millet first?
Yeah, that's it.
To avoid that future trouble
I don't chop fire anymore
Either caught by the police or killed by pickles
Still no way out
Master Wei, I will definitely pay back the money I owe you
My friend.
The quilt introduced me to a high-paying job
The monthly 50,000 can be paid off soon
Don't bother
I want to be kidneys
Must get cotton compensation
I can be satisfied now
They are all children of Jianghu
Don't kill like that, okay?
Then I'll show you the way
You say
Go back and cooperate with Geng Cheng and the others
No no
Geng Cheng and the others are all evil
Give away children for nothing
up